# Quadlet pod unit for the TS6 Manager.
#
# Rootless deployment shape (impl-plan §9). Install into the user's
# Quadlet directory and start with `systemctl --user`. See the README
# in this directory for the full install procedure.
#
# Generates the systemd service `ts6-manager-pod.service` at
# `systemctl --user daemon-reload` time. Container units in this
# directory join the pod via `Pod=ts6-manager.pod`.

[Unit]
Description=TS6 Manager pod
Documentation=https://github.com/FrozenTear/teamspeak-admin-panel
# The pod brings up its members; bind them so a failed container does
# not silently leave the pod half-running.
Wants=network-online.target
After=network-online.target

[Pod]
PodName=ts6-manager
# Publish the Dioxus fullstack server's web UI. Bound to 127.0.0.1 by
# default so a reverse proxy (Caddy / nginx / Traefik) terminates TLS
# in front of the manager — drop the address (e.g. `PublishPort=3001:3001`)
# to expose the pod directly on the LAN.
#
# Loopback TS6 targets (e.g. the local ts6-fixture, or a TS6 server
# colocated on this host): WebQuery egress through passt trips the
# PURA-105 wedge after ~5 requests. The kube-manifest sibling
# (deploy/kube/ts6-manager.yaml) uses `hostNetwork: true` to bypass
# passt. PURA-197 added a `HOST` env var to the server so this pod
# can do the same safely:
#
#   1. Drop the PublishPort= line below.
#   2. Add `Network=host` to this [Pod] section.
#   3. Set `HOST=127.0.0.1` in ts6-manager.env so the fullstack
#      listener binds loopback-only instead of 0.0.0.0:$PORT.
#
# Leave the line below in place for the documented reverse-proxy
# default (server binds 0.0.0.0:$PORT inside the pod's netns, passt
# publishes loopback-only on the host).
PublishPort=127.0.0.1:3001:3001

[Install]
WantedBy=default.target
